Atlantic wrap up post (#2031)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/atlantic/2023/news/thank-you-recap.rst

We had the usual mix of talks on the main stage, along with moderated Q&A, lightning talks, unconference sessions, writing sprints, and a sponsor expo, similar to previous virtual conferences.

Talk videos
-----------

`Videos of the talks`_ are now available on YouTube. This includes all conference talks and Q&A, as well as the lightning talks.
You can also subscribe to our `YouTube channel`_ so you don’t miss any talk videos from our conferences.

Thanks again to all our presenters, moderators, and folks who asked wonderful questions!
Huge thanks also to `Bart at Work`_ for handling the A/V production on our event, it was flawless once again this year.

.. _Videos of the talks: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZAeFn6dfHplddJfvbke1bpUzZGozb2Yj&si=AOwsHHgwGEXqbUm0
.. _Bart at Work: https://www.bartatwork.com/
.. _YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/writethedocs

Sketchnotes
-----------

We’re excited to share the `full resolution sketchnotes`_ from each talk. You are welcome to use them for non-commercial purposes, like including them in your conference write up ;)

Thanks to `Dennis Dawson`_ for doing them this year!

> .. _full resolution sketchnotes: https://flic.kr/ps/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _full resolution sketchnotes: https://flic.kr/s/aHBqjAVj5o
```

.. _Australia conference: https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2023/
.. _sponsorship options: https://www.writethedocs.org/sponsorship/

Write the Docs Slack
--------------------

Our Slack network keeps on growing. Our #general channel in particular has been extra busy in the days and weeks leading up to the conference, and we hope that y’all continue the conversations throughout the year. If you haven’t joined, now is the time! 
Check out the `Write the Docs Slack`_.

.. _Write the Docs Slack: http://www.writethedocs.org/slack/

Write the Docs Newsletter
-------------------------

Our `monthly newsletter`_ is the other place to keep track of everything that is happening with the community. 
Subscribe to make sure you hear about all the conferences, meetups, job postings, and summaries of relevant conversations in our Slack.

.. _monthly newsletter: http://writethedocs.org/newsletter/

Local Meetups
-------------

We hope you continue to `build your local or online communities`_ and keep in touch with other documentarians. 
We have a number of meetups in cities across the country, and if you don’t see your city listed consider `starting`_ a meetup!

> Our `Quorum Meetups`_ are special meetups, which are virtual and target large geographic areas. There’s already two, covering most everyone in the US or in a similar timezone.

Reviewer: I thought that we are phasing out the quorum meetups, or that they're taking a break, or something like that? cc @rosewms for input

.. _build your local or online communities: http://www.writethedocs.org/meetups/
.. _starting: http://www.writethedocs.org/organizer-guide/meetups/starting/
.. _Quorum Meetups: https://www.writethedocs.org/organizer-guide/meetups/quorum/

> 

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add a section here about 2024 conferences, or does it deserve its own blog post at some point?

Author: Let's make a separate blog post once we have pinned down some more detail.

Code of Conduct transparency report
-----------------------------------

As with any Write the Docs event, this conference was covered by our `community Code of Conduct <https://www.writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/>`__.
We aim to be as transparent with CoC incidents and enforcement as we can.

To ensure that our CoC was visible and accessible, we took a number of specific steps:

- Every participant agreed to the Code of Conduct in advance during registration.
- The CoC, or a summary, was included on the conference website and Hopin Reception
- The CoC was repeatedly mentioned in our conference introduction and announcements.
- We specifically stressed that the CoC applies to all conference spaces including the social event.
- We encouraged all attendees to report any incident, even if they were not sure whether it was a violation.

> None of our organizers were approached about any CoC concerns at this event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None of our organizers were approached about any CoC concerns related to this event.
```

:template: {{year}}/generic.html
:banner: _static/conf/images/headers/venue.png

.. post:: Sept 23, 2023
   :tags: recap, thanks, {{year}}, {{shortcode}}-{{year}}

> Conference highlights and thanks for attending!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conference highlights
```

How do we feel about this?

===============================================

Hey everyone,

Our team is now emerging from the post-conference recovery period, and we wanted to send out a quick message to thank everyone for helping to make our conference such a success. 
We appreciate everyone who makes the conference possible: speakers, sponsors, organizers, volunteers, and attendees alike!

Conference recap
----------------

> At **almost 300 attendees** this conference was a welcoming and friendly event.

Reviewer 2: "Over" (cos speakers are attendees too) ?

Author: Well, depends how you count. 301 in tito (ex speakers), 292 total registrations in hopin.

> This was our first Atlantic conference, where we aimed to have a schedule that suited attendees from Europe, Africa, US East Coast and parts of South America.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This was our first Atlantic conference, where we intentionally created a schedule that suited attendees from Europe, Africa, US East Coast and parts of South America. In practice, we had attendees for all over the world, including the West coast of the United States and Asia. 
```

> However, we also had attendees from other places around the world.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> We had the usual mix of talks on the main stage along with Q&A, lightning talks, unconference sessions, writing sprints, and a sponsor expo, similar to previous virtual conferences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We had the usual mix of talks on the main stage, along with moderated Q&A, lightning talks, unconference sessions, writing sprints, and a sponsor expo, similar to previous virtual conferences.
```

Talk videos
-----------

`Videos of the talks`_ are now available on YouTube. This includes all conference talks and Q&A, as well as the lightning talks.

> You can also subscribe to our `YouTube channel`_ so you don’t miss any future content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also subscribe to our `YouTube channel`_ so you don’t miss any talk videos from our conferences.
```

Thanks again to all our presenters, moderators, and folks who asked wonderful questions!
Huge thanks also to `Bart at Work`_ for handling the A/V production on our event, it was flawless once again this year.

.. _Videos of the talks: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZAeFn6dfHplddJfvbke1bpUzZGozb2Yj&si=AOwsHHgwGEXqbUm0
.. _Bart at Work: https://www.bartatwork.com/
.. _YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/writethedocs

Sketchnotes
-----------

> We’re excited to share the `full resolution sketchnotes`_ from the conference on Flickr. You are welcome to use them for non-commercial purposes, like including in your write up from the conference :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re excited to share the `full resolution sketchnotes`_ from each talk. You are welcome to use them for non-commercial purposes, like including them in your conference write up ;)
```

Thanks to `Dennis Dawson`_ for doing them this year!

> .. _full resolution sketchnotes: https://flic.kr/ps/

Reviewer 2: FIXME

.. _Dennis Dawson: https://dennissdawson.wixsite.com/mr--dawson/portfolio

Shirts still on sale
--------------------

If you want a souvenir from this year's conference, our `Write the Docs Atlantic 2023 Pop-Up Shop <https://shirt.writethedocs.org/>`_ is still open until September 30th!

> We have loose and fitted options from different fabrics, and you can choose exactly the size and cut you want.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have loose and fitted options from different fabrics, and you can choose the size and cut you want.
```

> The campaign will run in 3-day batches, and shipping is available from the USA or Europe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The campaign will run in 3-day batches, with shipping from the USA or Europe.
```

> Come see us at our Australia conference
> ---------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attend Write the Docs Australia 
-----------------------------------------------
```

Don’t forget our `Australia conference`_ on **Dec 7-8, 2023**. The CFP is open until September 22nd.

> We’re also looking for more sponsors to make our other events just as magical as this year’s Prague event. You can see all our `sponsorship options`_ on our website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re also looking for more sponsors to make our other events just as magical as this year’s Atlantic event. You can see all our `sponsorship options`_ on our website.
```

.. _Australia conference: https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2023/
.. _sponsorship options: https://www.writethedocs.org/sponsorship/

Write the Docs Slack
--------------------

> Our Slack network has really grown more this last year. Our #general Slack channel has been extra busy in the days and weeks leading up to the conference, and we hope that y’all continue the conversations throughout the year. If you haven’t joined, now is the time! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Slack network keeps on growing. Our #general channel in particular has been extra busy in the days and weeks leading up to the conference, and we hope that y’all continue the conversations throughout the year. If you haven’t joined, now is the time! 
```

Check out the `Write the Docs Slack`_.

.. _Write the Docs Slack: http://www.writethedocs.org/slack/

Write the Docs Newsletter
-------------------------

Our `monthly newsletter`_ is the other place to keep track of everything that is happening with the community. 
Subscribe to make sure you hear about all the conferences, meetups, job postings, and summaries of relevant conversations in our Slack.

.. _monthly newsletter: http://writethedocs.org/newsletter/

Local Meetups
-------------

We hope you continue to `build your local or online communities`_ and keep in touch with other documentarians. 
We have a number of meetups in cities across the country, and if you don’t see your city listed consider `starting`_ a meetup!

> New this year are our `Quorum Meetups`_ which are virtual and targeting large geographic areas. There’s already one covering most everyone in the US or in a similar timezone.

Reviewer 2: They probably aren't new this year?

Author: Fixed
